README.md, before:

# NextJS Typescript Boilerplate

Bootstrap a developer-friendly NextJS app configured with:

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- Linting with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- Formatting with [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- Linting, typechecking and formatting on by default using [`husky`](https://github.com/typicode/husky) for commit hooks
- Testing with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) and [`react-testing-library`](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example):

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-typescript-eslint-jest&project-name=with-typescript-eslint-jest&repository-name=with-typescript-eslint-jest)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-typescript-eslint-jest with-typescript-eslint-jest-app
# or
yarn create next-app --example with-typescript-eslint-jest with-typescript-eslint-jest-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

Prepare monorepo, update README.md

README.md, after:

This is a monorepo housing:

* **Website**: Public-facing service (Next.js) serving renderos.tech.
* **Platform**: Core back-end service (Node.js) serving GraphQL APIs and interfacing as the database manager.

It's a web app built using:

- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- Linting with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)
- Formatting with [Prettier](https://prettier.io/)
- Testing with [Jest](https://jestjs.io/) and [`react-testing-library`](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

The website is hosted at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.ts`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.
